Selector template (#3865)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/selector.mdx

import { Notification } from 'grommet';
import { ShareRounded } from 'grommet-icons';
import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  SimpleSelector,
  QuickFilter,
  SupportSelector,
  TEMP,
} from '../../examples';

<Example
  figma="TBD"
  code={[
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/selector/SimpleSelector.js',
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-core/src/js/components/core/Selector/Selector.js',
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-core/src/js/components/core/Selector/SelectorGroup.js',
  ]}
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-core/src/js/components/core/Selector"
  width="100%"
>
  <SimpleSelector />
</Example>

## Use cases

> ### Quick Filtering

Author: ```suggestion
### Quick filtering
```
Sentence case

> Enables users to filter data based on high-level visual options to narrow down datasets within tables and lists.

Author: It feels like this should capture:
- Provides an efficient way to filter data to a specific view that will be useful and relevant to the workflow.

Maybe not the best wording, but given its high visual prominence, they should be useful and relevant.

It feels like the current guidance is redefining "Selector" in some ways (high prominence visual options) / we can clean up wording since "to narrow down datasets" is redundant with "filter data".

Reviewer: okay I re-wording lmk what you think

> Enables users to filter data based on high-level visual options to narrow down datasets within tables and list. Making it quickly recognizable, based on specific criteria, enhancing efficiency and usability.

Reviewer 2: "Enables users to filter data based on high-level visual options to narrow down datasets within tables and list."

All the rest is not really adding clarity to the use case.

> Enables users to filter data based on high-level visual options to narrow down datasets within tables and list. Making it quickly recognizable, based on specific criteria, enhancing efficiency and usability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables users to filter data based on high-level visual options to narrow down datasets within tables and lists.
```

<Example
  figma="TBD"
  code={[
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/selector/QuickFilter.js',
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-core/src/js/components/core/Selector/Selector.js',
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-core/src/js/components/core/Selector/SelectorGroup.js',
  ]}
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-core/src/js/components/core/Selector"
  width="100%"
>
  <QuickFilter />
</Example>

### Quick option selection

> Helps users quickly navigate through choices, ensuring they find the relevant options with ease.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables users to quickly navigate through choices, ensuring they find the relevant options with ease.
```

> Enables users to quickly navigate through choices, ensuring they find the relevant options with ease.

Author: Since this is "use cases" which should be a bit specific. Can we add something that says this is typically found in support and onboarding flows?

Reviewer: done

> Helps users quickly navigate through choices, ensuring they find the relevant options with ease.

Reviewer 2: "Enables users to quickly navigate through choices, ensuring they find the relevant options with ease."

Just changed a bit to keep the format of text of previous use case.

<Example
  code=""
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
  width="100%"
  code={[
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/selector/SupportSelector.js',
  ]}
  github="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/selector/SupportSelector.js"
>
  <SupportSelector />
</Example>

## Anatomy

> 

Reviewer 2: There's no imagine for anatomy? It's hard to understand without a visual

Reviewer 3: Totally get it. We have an image in Figma and something that's still a bit more TBD. Imagery will come later.

Reviewer: anatomy to come..

Reviewer: have to code it up

| Label | Region                  | Purpose                                                      | Required | Notes                                                   |
| :---: | --------------------    | ------------------------------------------------------------ | :------: | ------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **1** | **Title**               | Heading providing context to the options available.          | Optional | Titles should use a Heading of the correct semantic heading level based on where the selector is in the document. |

Reviewer 2: Is the title optional?

I ask because it's weird to me reading the guidance that everything in a selector is optional.

Reviewer 3: @britt6612 I'll let you input here

Reviewer: So essentially the way Selector is built in code is that a person does not necessarily have to provide a title..

<img width="1087" alt="Screen Shot 2024-07-02 at 11 31 14 AM" src="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/assets/42451602/90c76fdc-fc20-44c9-8cbe-3984dde6cf25">

for example above the user is passing a text within `children` which has a different placement for the title. We built selector in code to be very flexible so we are not making anything `required` because the user can really pass a variety of things into the Selector

| **2** | **Description**         | Brief explanation or additional information about the choices.| Optional |    --                                                  |
| **3** | **Counter of Items**    | Displays number of items available for selection.            | Optional | -- |
| **4** | **Icon**                | Visual aid to represent the category or type of selection.   | Optional | a11yTitle required. |
| **5** | **Selector Indicator**  | Visual cue (such as a checkmark or highlight) to denote selected items. | Optional | aria-label required. |

## Types

> 

Reviewer 2: I would suggest we use a different visual representation for "Types", like a table with a visual and an explanation, so the user can easily understand the difference not only on functionality but on type of component.

Also, if we are delivering all the examples on the TEMP kitchen sink, we might need to amplify this section, since we have different visual types for single select and multi select.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure I'm following. For types we don't include imagery but rather indicate the "types" of selectors there are.

For kitchen sink, these are all TBD and will be clarified soon. :)

Reviewer: Kitchen sink is just for us devs to test will not be published

Reviewer: @julauxen Im also not sure I follow your visual with "types"

### Single select

> Users can select only one option at a time. Ideal for scenarios where only one choice is allowed.

Author: Let's reuse similar wording from ToggleGroup:

With single selection, only one option can be selected at a time. This is the default behavior.

Reviewer: done

### Multiple select

> Users can select multiple options simultaneously. Useful for filtering or multi-choice settings.

Author: ```suggestion
With multiple selection, multiple options can be selected at the same time.
```

>
  <SupportSelector />
</Example>

## Anatomy

<Example caption="Diagram illustrating the 4 parts of a Selector." plain>
  <SelectorAnatomy />
</Example>

| Label  | Region                  | Purpose                                                                                      | Required | Notes                                                                                                                                                                    |
| :----: | ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **1**  | **Container**           | Provides distinct boundary representing the option as a distinct choice.                     | Required | --                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | **2**  | **Selection Indicator** | Provides additional visual prominence and distinction between selected and unselected state. | Optional | For single it will be rounded for multiple sqaured off                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 3: for the notes, spell check: multiple squared off
